We're going to cover a case study for recognizing that it's right.
So a hundred digits.
This is one of those examples.
Those which are thought for machine learning and it's a very interesting example because it lets us
see the whole pipeline without having to understand the intricacies of a specific dataset.
So what we're going to do is we're going to start with so I could learn by importing from SCA learn
import data sets so that imports the data sets module for us and we're what we're going to do is we're
going to load up the digital data set using datasets daughter load digits.
Now this is going to loan the whole dataset in this variable it's a slightly smaller dataset and you
can take a look at what it houses.
So you can say digits and on data and it shows you what it has.
So it's really important that you understand your data.
If you look at it over here it's not very clear what this data is how many digits we have.
What does that look like.
So what we're going to do is we're going to take a look at a different type of representation for this.
Now this is the image representation of the digit.
So where do these zeros come from.
So these are the pixel values for this image.
So the top left corner is going to be all that here.
And this is a zero because this is completely white.
So as it gets closer and closer to black it gets closer and closer to a one value.
So that is essentially what your image gets translated to in terms of mathematics.
So this is what your image looks like when it is turned into a matrix.
And this is what it's trying to show you except it doesn't look like that.
And it's really important that when you're learning machine learning and you're trying to corded you
should be very comfortable with your data at least your input data.
So what you want to do is you want to go ahead and say a print digits dot data zero so that you can
see what the what the individual data point or one digit looks like.
So this is what it looks like.
Now this is really weird because this is a one dimensional vector.
So here what we had was that we have a matrix.
So this should be two dimensional.
But this overhead is one dimension.
So the point of that is that this is going to be reshaped.
So what does reshape mean.
So currently this has a particular shape and that is the other thing that you must understand when you're
trying to apply machine learning.
You need to understand the shapes of your matrices.
So for instance are digits dot data.
Zero dot shape.
That is how you take a look at the shape.
It has a shape of 64 comma.
So that means that it's essentially returning a tuple.
So it only has one dimension and it has 64 numbers.
So it's essentially an eight by eight matrix.
So eight pixels by eight pixels matrix.
And that turns it into a sixty four.
Right so you can go ahead and reshape it but we don't really want to do that right now.
The second thing that you need to take a look at is the target of your data.
So remember this digit stored data zero.
We're going to take a look at did it start Target Zero.
So what is the zero elements target.
So its target is zero.
Essentially what we're saying is that this whole thing corresponds to the hundredth year 0 zero.
So what we have here is a data zero which is one hundred and digit.
And this is the target which is the known value of the digits.
So we know that this all pixel combination when it combines gives us physical shape.
For instance this one over here gives us a one because of these specific values.
So make sure you understand this part before you proceed ahead with these other stuff.
Now let's take we'll take a look at the digits.
Target the last 10 on the Boston targets.
So we have a 5 4 2 8 4 9 0 8 9 and 8 this 8 is going to be special in a little while.
But what you want to do is you want to make sure that you understand digits dot target star shape so
it has a shape of seventeen ninety seven.
So you have one hundred one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven targets.
So we better have
the same number of digits.
So we have this number of projects with each digit has sixty four values.
So make sure you understand this.
Let's expand this again so that we're sure we understand it.
So we have one hundred and 7 1 7 9 7 data points.
So these are images and these are their corresponding targets.
So they need to be equal.
Now within one image we have 64 pixel values.
That is eight across eight right.
So that is what our data looks like.
Now what we want to do is essentially learn to predict the class.
What is it class a class is essentially data set divided into different groups.
So because we have digital world we have classes from 0 to 9.
So an image of of a digit may belong to class 0 if it has a zero in it or to one up to 9.
So that's what we want to learn.
We want to do is train the machine using some data some of the data that we have and then hold some
of the data back so that later on when the machine claims that it has learned to predict data predict
what the image corresponds to we show it some image that it has not previously seen.
Because as you know the machines machines are really good at memorizing stuff.
So if you show it all the data points then it's going to simply learn what the exact pixel values correspond
to what we want to do is show it some pixels right.
In a way we show it and we tell it what the image is.
For instance we show it the image of a zero antenna that this is a zero then we show it to one and tell
it that this is a one so on and so forth.
So we're going to show it 1 7 9 6 values.
We're going to hold one back and then we're going to teach it what each of the image corresponds to
once we have that.
We're going to take out one image that we have held back and then present it as an example to the machine
to understand whether it has learned it.
So if the machine really has learned to predicted losses it should be able to predict this new this
new image that it has not previously seen.
So that's our.
And that's what our model is going to be what our pipeline is going to be.
So we're going to train on most of our data right then the machine is going to claim that it has learned
the the task of predicting the images and then what we're going to do is we're going to test it out.
So we're going to give it an exam to make sure that it has not just memorized the data that clearly
has learned it.
So what we're going to do is we're going to create a classified not a classifier is let's call it a
piece of code for now a classifier is going to be a model or a piece of code that essentially learns.
Right.
So the first train the classifier.
So what we have been calling machine up until now that is now going to be classified.
So classifier has to come from an algorithm.
So we're going to pick one and then we showed some example images.
And then finally what we do is we go ahead and we test it once it claims that it has learned to predict
stuff.
So in the next video we're going to learn to predict the classes.
For now we need to make sure that we understand the shapes of the data.
Now this is going to come back again and again and again and this is one of the main stumbling points
for newbies when they want to start with machine learning code.
Understanding the shapes is very important so make sure you understand these five lines of code.
This is not a large piece of code but make sure you understand it really well before you proceed ahead.